After finishing one year-intensive-master program (master for engineering leadership - dependable software system, DSS-MEL at UBC), I found myself more interested in searching for a technical work rather than managing work. To be clear, the MEL program is designed to provide 60% of technical stuffs and 40% of coursework is about business stuffs. This is an awesome and unique program to learn about lots of fundamental knowledge to build a resilience software system from both points of view of an engineer and a business leader. However, after a year of study and almost 15 years of working in software industry, I understand that the heart of a product is built from technical based knowledge. Without it, no matter how good a leader is, the product (or the company) cannot live in long time. That is the reason I wanted to spend an extra semester for self-study, to recall my under graduate computer science knowledge before jumping into software industry again. I hope that I could find a solid software developer role in big companies, so I could learn from the world class developers in this new country.


[Todo] This repo is just simply my personal training plan to re-grasp my computer science knowledge which I would properly lost some of them after such a long time running after making a living. This project is still far from enough for those who are trying to a comprehensive reference. If that's the case, I would say there are tons of better technical preparation repo in Github. I created it to a tracking tool to ensure that I would not miss what I wanted to review, as I have a super bad memory. I also want to see how much I need to learn to be able to get my dream job. Even if I could not make it, I believe that is a good way to reinforce my knowledge.


[Todo] I used C# as it is the primary language I used in recent years, and it is also my most favorit language (don't ask my why if you are fan of the other languges, just it). 
